Hi, I'm Matt Boles, a learning
specialist with Brightcove.
In this Developer
Basics video, we're
going to prepare to write
code that controls the player.
We are going to start with the
advanced player implementation
code that publishes a video
in a Brightcove player.
We want to put that
in an HTML page
and prepare to write code
to control the player.
Paste the code into the
body of an HTML page.
Next, enter an ID for
this video element.
This is needed to address
the video object later
in JavaScript.
Now create a
JavaScript block where
the actual player development
code will be placed.
To talk to the video element,
use the getPlayer method.
Here, the ID is used that
was associated earlier
with the video element.
Create the structure for
an anonymous function
that will be executed once
the player is retrieved.
Next, a JavaScript
variable is created
that is used in the code
to talk to the player.
Assign the variable
the "this" keyword,
which represents the player.
We have now created a standard
best practice approach
to prepare for writing actual
code to affect the player.